[Music]
don't do that so to speak how to think
about with us we have nobody
yeah that simple and we walk in all
right here's the plan since we can't
afford the services we picked out the
three fanciest and most famous hotels in
Havana to pull hop on a sunny day our
targets were the Havana Libre Hotel
Nacional and the third and final act was
identified isn't that and even though
reaching its roots are pooled seem like
an impossible target it was on our map
and the big day was upon us a more
enduring wynant first and with an
interesting cover of strategy
[Music]
yes we made it boys are here got the
number I tried out on me I'm sorry no
Lily here the other not leaving here
Delta you all example eine zwei let us
walk away first nope you don't games
show you here good go ahead one idiot
that's right okay let's leave before
they bring forces here near Mars the
only one that got a swim it was very
refreshing thank you so much
we can't go in as five people I gotta
hop before we get busted
[Music]
that's a ton of security on this one and
the elevators are as soon as you get
into the left we have to figure out a
way to get all the way up without being
alright guys I see on the other side
[Music]
after 15 minutes it seemed like we had
blended in successfully so we just ended
up enjoying our absolute thank you for
watching this episode we're still in
London this is something we filmed back
in February in Cuba so the new
subscriber that joined from brother
thank you so much drop a comment come
say hi I would love to get to know you
you're not subscribed subscribe to this
channel and like this video and we'll
see you on Sunday